README.md, before:

# snippitbox
A very small app to share very small things. Well, so far, a very small app that can get compiled.

This is a single file app written in .NET 6 beta something or other and using ASP.NET Core 6 beta somethingorother. 
Since you probably don't want beta bits on your local machine, you can execute `.\build-docker` to get a tagged image called `snippitbox`.
You can then execute `.\run-docker` to start a container with that tagged image on port 8000 in interactive mode (`ctrl+c` to kill it).

If you want a persistent database then you will want to pass in a volume mount for `/app/data`. My "prod" docker-compose does this and you can run `docker-compose -f .\docker-compose.dev.yaml up --build` 
to start a docker container on port 5020. The LiteDB database will be saved to the `db` host volume mount.

## Prerequisites

The first time you run an ASP.NET Core application locally, you'll want to install the dev cert. You can execute the following command from your favorite command prompt

```powershell
dotnet dev-certs https --trust
```

This will present you with a dialog asking if you're really sure that you want to do it. Yes, you do so click `yes`.

Then, once you run the app and navigate to the site, you'll likely get a browser warning asking you if you're really sure that you want to proceed because the certificate is self-signed. While this does raise
a philosophical question on if someone can ever truly trust themselves, that doesn't help us with moving forward so go into the appropriate section on the browser warning and tell it to trust the certificate.

## Special Thanks

This little app is made possible by:
- [Scriban](https://github.com/scriban/scriban) for templating
- [LiteDB](https://www.litedb.org) for data storage
- [Roland Taylor](https://twitter.com/rolandixor/)'s [Anole](https://github.com/rolandixor/anole) CSS framework.
- Favicon is from [iconpacks.net](https://www.iconpacks.net)

Commit message:

End to end basics work, basically

README.md, after:

# snippitbox
A very small app to share very small things. Well, so far, a very small app that can get compiled.

This is a single file app written in .NET 6 RC1 and using ASP.NET Core. If you don't have .NET 6.0 RC1, or later, you can install it from the nightly installer links near the bottom of https://github.com/dotnet/installer

Since you probably don't want beta bits on your local machine, you can execute `.\build-docker` to get a tagged image called `snippitbox`.
You can then execute `.\run-docker` to start a container with that tagged image on port 8000 in interactive mode (`ctrl+c` to kill it).

If you want a persistent database then you will want to pass in a volume mount for `/app/data`. My "prod" docker-compose does this and you can run `docker-compose -f .\docker-compose.dev.yaml up --build` 
to start a docker container on port 5020. The LiteDB database will be saved to the `db` host volume mount.

## Prerequisites

The first time you run an ASP.NET Core application locally, you'll want to install the dev cert. You can execute the following command from your favorite command prompt

```powershell
dotnet dev-certs https --trust
```

This will present you with a dialog asking if you're really sure that you want to do it. Yes, you do so click `yes`.

Then, once you run the app and navigate to the site, you'll likely get a browser warning asking you if you're really sure that you want to proceed because the certificate is self-signed. While this does raise
a philosophical question on if someone can ever truly trust themselves, that doesn't help us with moving forward so go into the appropriate section on the browser warning and tell it to trust the certificate.

## My Docker build won't work

(As of 2021-09-06), this code relies on the .NET 6.0 RC1 release. I've chosen to not pin to an image version. So, if you run into any issues then you should probably update your images like so

```powershell
> docker pull mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/sdk:6.0-alpine
> docker pull mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/aspnet:6.0-alpine
```

## Special Thanks

This little app is made possible by:
- [Scriban](https://github.com/scriban/scriban) for templating
- [LiteDB](https://www.litedb.org) for data storage
- [Roland Taylor](https://twitter.com/rolandixor/)'s [Anole](https://github.com/rolandixor/anole) CSS framework.
- Favicon is from [iconpacks.net](https://www.iconpacks.net)
